from Dragul17:
Forgot to add this part: 

There could even be events that reduce or extend the cool down.

For example:

Your master after a particularly steamy night laments being lonely and ostracized in court. Your heart cannot stand seeing him look forlorn his heart yearns for home and his clan. What can you do to please him.

Suddenly it hits you like a Big Black Cock! If he can't go home why not bring home to him! You have many baronies in your domain that are naught but wasteland maybe you could give him land to bring his family over. What better way to spread the supremacy of BBC than for the locals to experience it first hand.

A. Develop city

B. Develop a castle

C. hand over a county culture will change to african.

D. Promise to bring in more allies (decrease cool down by 1 year)

from TinyLynx:
hi i know that i asked this before but will there be a game toggle to turn this mod off so that i can also play as another race without being cucked

from kotvald:
I have few suggestions I would like to leave here. I know the mod is called interracial takeover, but i feel like taking over part is bit too easy, i think at some point of expansion npcs should start resisting. Scheming and declaring wars on you instead of just everyone willingly turning into cucks. Also NPCs with caged trait should be able to remove it by some decision (nevermind if they can), depending on their character traits, some prerequisites or whatever. Maybe even adding some counterbalance, NPCs with some sort of BWC trait? Well I guess that breaks the point of this mod, but snowball gets crazy at certain point and then AI can't do anything to stop it or at least that was the case in the version before.

Addition of new scheme to give target character "curious" trait instead of just events randomly firing and instantly making someone straight into "blacked/snowbunny". Like there's no point of using seduce schemes in your court/camp, cause event that makes them blacked fires soon after they join. Also I find the "BLACKED" trait progression too fast, so maybe needs bit of xp reduction in the events. And maybe losing xp when girls keep fucking white dudes and having kids with them.

Also would welcome more reluctant events and stuff for female character runs, because now you just get "curious" trait and then you can't really do anything to stop progressing, especially when you get events with only one option.

More settings for body modifications. Such as disabling only skin color changes, tattoos or both at once. Personally not a fan of face tattoos and whole "characters changing into africans", especially the latter just breaks immersion for me.

Then maybe new dynasty trait path down the line. No clue what should be there though, cause BBC trait gives you so many buffs anyway.

I guess "african warriors" MAA are leftovers from the mod before, but they're really broken stat wise and kinda unfinished, for example as an adventurer they take no provisions during travel.

Anyway good work with reviving this mod, looking forward to more updates.

from Zdun:
Could body modification be even more granular. I would like to split body modification from skin color change if possible. Multi racial fetish really cool but I would distinct it from body shape modification. 